UV Distributed Information Management - Questionnaire Assignment 3
================================================================================

The purpose of this questionnaire is to deepen the student's understanding of
assignment 3 and the topics covered in the lecture. The main focus will be the
*correctness* and the *quality* of an answer, not its length. For some
questions, we will provide rough hints to make it easier for you.

You are free to answer the questions directly in this textfile or use another
editor/word processor. The following file formats will be accepted for the
submission: .txt, .pdf, .odt, .doc, .docx. Please note that other file formats
will result in 0 points (for this questionnaire). The preferred file formats are
.txt and .pdf (most word processors support an export as PDF file). In any case,
please make sure that the questions/answers are named/numbered properly!

This questionnaire will be discussed during the after-assignment meeting. Before
the meeting starts, the group will be informed about the preliminary points by
the instructor (either at the beginning of the meeting or via Blackboard). The
final points will be set after the meeting. This questionnaire contributes a
maximum of 8 points (2 points per answer) to the overall points of assignment 3.

================================================================================

Question F1:
Neo4j implements many procedures that can be used in combination with the CALL
keyword. For example, the following statement lists all labels in our database:
  
  CALL db.labels()

You can also query the types of relationship that exist in your database. Please
list all relationship types that are present in your graph database.

Hints:
List of procedures in Neo4j:
  - https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/reference/procedures
  - https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/reference/procedures/#procedure_db_relationshiptypes

Answer A1:
<Your answer can go here>

================================================================================

Question F2:
Let's look into relationship in more depth by using the web-based graphical user
interface of Neo4j. Execute the following query and have a look at the resulting
graph:

  MATCH (m:Movie) RETURN m LIMIT 10

Now, click on one of the nodes and three options will pop up. By clicking on
"Expand / Collapse child relationships", you will see all relationship of this
specific Movie node. Then, please answer the following subquestions (each
subanswers is worth 0.5 points):

F2.1: Name the label of the Movie node you selected.
F2.2: What types of relationships does the Movie node have?
F2.3: What are the labels of the nodes that these relationships connect to?
F2.4: What are the directions of these relationships?

Answer A2:
<Your answer can go here>

================================================================================

Question F3:
Explain the semantics (i.e., the meaning) of Q3.

Answer A3:
<Your answer can go here>

================================================================================

Question F4:
Explain the semantics (i.e., the meaning) of Q4.

Answer A4:
<Your answer can go here>